https://codepen.io/AlexanderKarren/pen/VwYBWVr?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML are tags that are used to outline the functions of HTML sections for accessibility reasons
2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to create documents to be shared on the web.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a specification for an HTML element that changes the way that it works. <element attribute="">
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the main title of a single page, and should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> and <input>
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Style sheets, code sheets
7. What is an id?
    An ID is an attribute you can attach to an element to either link it to a style sheet, or use it as a way to jump around the page using anchor tags.
8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Any elements within the body that will have visible content to the user
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    None, IDs should only be used once.
10. What is a class?
    A class is an attribute, like an ID, used to link to a stylesheet, but can be used multiple times.
11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any elements within the body.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as you'd like.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add "_blank" to the end of the link within the anchor tag's "href" attribute.
14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    Provides a phrase to appear in case the image or element doesn't load.
15. How do I reference an id?
    In an anchor tag or stylesheet, use the pound symbol # to reference an ID.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Divs and sections both provide a container to put more elements in, but sections are a part of semantic HTML.
17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used for adding a style to a basic HTML document.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { }
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An ID should be used to access parts of a page quickly using an anchor tag. Classes should be referenced by stylesheets in order to style more than one element of the same class at once.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    [element].[classname] { }
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human { }
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector [parent] [child] { }; selects an element, and then its children to be formatted. This is good if you only want to edit elements within a certain container.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a { }
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector changes the style of an element if user circumstances are met, like if they are hovering over the element or clicking on it.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:_;
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:_;
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase,lowercase,capitalize;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-width:1px;
    border-style:dotted;
    border-color:black;
29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * or body
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    // here's a comment
    /* here's a different kind of comment */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd pulls up the current directory
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm (filename within current directory). This perma deletes files instead of moving them to the trash.
34. Why should I use version control?
    Keeping track of changes helps you and your group during debugging.
35. How often should I commit to github?
    Frequently.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    1. Fork assignment so that it's yours
    2. Add TL as collaborator
    3. Copy the clone link on github
    4. Navigate to desired directory on the command line
    5. type "git clone (paste link)"
    6. Navigate into created folder
    7. Type "git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'" to create your own branch for the assignment
    8. Type in code . to start doing the assignment in Visual Studio code
    9. Once a certain amount of changes have been made, type "git add ." to add the project to a repo and then commit the changes by typing "git commit -m "changelog message"
    10. Once the project is completed, push the assignment back onto github by adding and committing all your changes again, then typing "git push -u origin branch-name"
    11. Navigate to your branch of the project on github
    12. Click the base repository button and select your forked repo
    13. Add TL to reviewers and submit the pull request

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element will take up the width of the screen, so the next element will appear on a new line. Inline elements are stored side by side.
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    Absolute positioning ignores other elements within the same container.
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Tables, paragraphs and headings are all block by default. Spans and textareas are inline by default. Images are inline block by default.
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 